well let's now bring in Muhammad shawi a
professor of conflict resolution and
diplomacy at George Mason University
Muhammad let me ask you about about the
broader Israeli strategy here we see
these escalating raids and arrests in
the occupied West Bank too this all goes
beyond destroying Hamas it seems well
this is the grand strategy of Natan from
day one which is depopulation of Gaza as
long as he can in other words it's not
the casualty it's not the enemy
perceived as Hamas but more of how we
can re-engineer the geopolitics of Hamas
of of of Gaza Strip therefore he he
still believe still believe that he can
push some of these Palestinians towards
Sinai and maybe a number of them from
the West Bank toward Jordan so we are
now going back to his original
plan therefore I think we the the height
of this verocity of killings is going to
increase further and further and I'm not
sure that there is diplomacy back in
business well given that and given how
how high this death toll could could
escalate I'm wondering what appetite
there is in in international capitals
watching this happen is there is what
what's happening behind the scenes in
line with what's being said publicly
well look at the K position they were
number one driving force for a
successful mediation and prisoner
hostage swap which was successful to
some extent it could have been built on
that however the Ks are saying now they
are still trying however they would like
to have an international team to
investigate in what's going on in in in
Gaza well it's interesting to see that
but I'm curious also about the US
position because obviously they they've
come out and said more strong words just
in the last few days yes but the blink
of the the United States has have not
done much because on his last trip blink
was told that this time we're not going
to kill many civilians in Gaza however
reality is different than words well
we'll see how that turns out in the
coming days and weeks thank you Muhammad
shawi for joining us again